HireFellas Content
1. How it Works
2. About
3. FAQs
4. Contact
5. Terms
6. Privacy
7. Testimonials
8. Blog
9. Support
10. Newsletter
11. Team


How it Works

1. Tell us your requirements
You tell us about the event you require photography services for and answer a few simple questions. Fill in your details. We keep your information private - so no unwanted marketing calls or spam.

2. We spot the photographer for you
We’ll match you with the right photographers for the assignment. You’ll receive quotes from available photographers within 24 hours.

3. Get bids
You receive responses from available photographers who are interested in taking up the assignment. You receive multiple bids from different photographers - all customised to your needs.
 4. Hire
You look at the portfolios and ratings of the photographers, compare their quotes and pick the most suitable for your needs. We encourage you to look at the full profiles, reviews and fee ranges to select the best deal.

5. Voila!
The photographer completes the work. You pay them directly or through our payment system.
 
7. Give feedback
Your feedback is important to us. When a photographer finishes a job, you’ll be required to rate the photographer.

Yes, it’s really that simple.




About

Ever wondered why you can buy any product online with a few clicks but can’t hire a photographer without going website hopping, hunting for reviews and making tens of phone calls? So did we. And so we built HireFellas.

HireFellas mission is to make it radically easier for you to the best photographers for your needs without hassle. We discover and curate great talent so that you pick the best photographer as per your needs in a matter of minutes.


Get multiple quotes from professional photographers

At HireFellas, we know how hard it is to find the right photographer for your cherished event, let alone the right photographer who is available, nearby and within budget. Instead of spending time web searching, page hopping and pumping up your telephone bill, just tell us what you are looking for. We’ll deliver you multiple quotes from our trusted network of professional photographers within 24 hours. You choose the best for you needs and hire the photographer. Hiring a photographer was never this simple.

FAQs

1) How does HireFellas simplify things for me?
At HireFellas, we connect people who need photography services with a pool of talented photographers. Instead of just returning photographers listings with ratings and reviews, a search on Hirefellas.com provides you with competitive price quotes from photographers. This means that you end up hiring the photographer who wants to do the job, and will do it well. There’s no need to hunt for the right deal in listing portals and portfolio sites of photographers.

2) How is HireFellas different from listing portals?

Ratings: Listing sites return community ratings and reviews for photographers. They're open forums where pools of reviews can be influenced or bought. On our platform, only people who have completed an assignment with a HireFellas photographer can leave a review.

Effectiveness: Using our advanced algorithm, we match you specifically with photographers who want to complete the assignment.

Privacy: We do not share customer’s details with the service provider for marketing purposes. This means that you don’t have to worry about annoying marketing calls.

3) How does HireFellas’ rating system work?

We ensure our reviews are from real clients who have hired our photographers. Reviews are collected and verified by our team online and by phone. We do not receive any advertising money from the professional photographers, so we have no conflicts of interest.

Each photographer’s rating on HireFellas is based on three factors: 
Portfolio (30%)
Information Provided (20%)
User Ratings (50%)

4) How much is this going to cost me?

HireFellas offers its services for free to the user. There are never any fees for consumers to search our site, contact photographers or book their appointments online. Simply pay the photographer for the job.

5) How does HireFellas find its photographers?
We hand pick them. No, seriously. We collaborate with high quality professional photographers who we believe will add to the quality of our platform, and invite them to join our community. Professional photographers also recommend us to their peers, who come to us and request to join.

6) Why don't some professional photographers list an hourly rate?
Some photographers choose to price their jobs depending on the individual customer needs rather than by the hour. In your correspondence with the photographer, ask him or her for a quote for your job.

7) What happens when I submit a request for a photographer?

If you submit a request to a single photographer, we'll send your message directly to that photographer. But, we encourage you to make your request open to bids so that we can send it to additional qualified and eligible photographers in your area. 

Once you submit a request, our team members review your job and match you with the photographers we believe are best able to meet your needs. The more information you give us, the better we're able to match you up.


Contact

HireFellas
IIT Madras Incubation Cell (IITMIC) 3rd Floor
IIT Madras Research Park
Kanagam Road
Taramani
Chennai, India - 600113

Phone: +91 9789 054683
Mail: mail@hirefellas.com

Team

Engineering
Our mission is to build products and infrastructure that support our rapidly growing platform. We believe in creativity, improvisation and the power of individuals working together towards a common goal. We believe that the best solutions result from questioning the status quo and constantly thinking out of the box. We use the best solutions possible, and when they don’t exist - we build our own.

Design
HireFellas is a design driven company. We place immense value on great design and user experiences. Our team is in charge of making HireFellas simple and friendly for our users. Our design philosophy is based on simplicity and our approach is collaborative. Being a design driven company, we believe that even the toughest of problems can be solved by combining creative and analytical thinking.
We believe design is a state of mind. It’s an approach to a problem.

Product and Marketing
We mix data, user feedback and intuition to build the best possible experience for our users. We collaborate with engineers and designers to make HireFellas come to life. We love data, experiments, collaboration and conversations.

Business & Operations
We take care of the system that powers and supports our growth from business development to customer support to business operations. We pitch towards scalability and operational efficiency and are  constantly driven to improve.



